generic_panda/panda65_01 keyboard firmware addition (#10006)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/generic_panda/panda65_01/readme.md

# Panda65_01

![Panda_01](https://i.imgur.com/fPBUDMT.png)

* Keyboard Maintainer: [generic_panda](https://github.com/jesseleung97)
* Hardware Supported: panda65_01 pcb
* Hardware Availability: [panda65-01 acrylic case designed by Alec:](https://onedrive.live.com/?authkey=%21AA8d6frZ0woiaV4&id=DC069E9FB0BC8004%21155830&cid=DC069E9FB0BC8004) 

Make example for this keyboard's default keymap (after setting up your build environment):

>     make Panda65_01:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make Panda65_01:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make generic_panda/panda65_01:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make generic_panda/panda65_01:default:flash
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Panda65_01

![Panda_01](https://i.imgur.com/fPBUDMT.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Keyboard Maintainer: [generic_panda](https://github.com/jesseleung97)
* Hardware Supported: panda65_01 pcb
* Hardware Availability: [panda65-01 acrylic case designed by Alec:](https://onedrive.live.com/?authkey=%21AA8d6frZ0woiaV4&id=DC069E9FB0BC8004%21155830&cid=DC069E9FB0BC8004) 

Make example for this keyboard's default keymap (after setting up your build environment):

>     make Panda65_01:default
> 
> Make example for this keyboard's VIA keymap (after setting up your build environment):
>     
>     make Panda65_01:via
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make Panda65_01:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make generic_panda/panda65_01:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make generic_panda/panda65_01:default:flash
```
